README.md, before:

# Http Request LifeCycle

[![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)](https://packagist.org/packages/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)](https://packagist.org/packages/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)](https://github.com/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)

The http request lifecycle component for Hyperf.

## Installation

```bash
composer require friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle
```

## Usage

```php
<?php
namespace App\Listener;

use FriendsOfHyperf\Http\RequestLifeCycle\Events\RequestHandled;
use Hyperf\Event\Annotation\Listener;
use Hyperf\Event\Contract\ListenerInterface;

#[Listener]
class RequestHandledListener implements ListenerInterface
{
    public function listen(): array
    {
        return [
            RequestHandled::class,
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @param RequestHandled $event
     */
    public function process(object $event)
    {
        var_dump($event);
    }
}
```

## Events

- [x] RequestReceived
- [x] RequestHandled
- [x] RequestTerminated

## Sponsor

If you like this project, Buy me a cup of coffee. [ [Alipay](https://hdj.me/images/alipay.jpg) | [WePay](https://hdj.me/images/wechat-pay.jpg) ]

Commit message:

Use `Hyperf\HttpServer\Event\RequestReceived` instead (#202)
* Use `Hyperf\HttpServer\Event\RequestReceived` instead of

* ⚙️chore(dependencies) add hyperf/http-server dev-master as 3.0.20 in composer.json

* 更新 composer.json

* Remove super-globals-patch

* ⚙️ chore(listener): add new request lifecycle listener

---------

Co-authored-by: Deeka Wong <8337659+huangdijia@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Http Request LifeCycle

[![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)](https://packagist.org/packages/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)](https://packagist.org/packages/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)](https://github.com/friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle)

The http request lifecycle component for Hyperf. This feature has been merged into the official repository (hyperf/http-server, [#5715](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf/pull/5715)).

## Installation

```bash
composer require friendsofhyperf/http-request-lifecycle
```

## Usage

```php
<?php
namespace App\Listener;

use FriendsOfHyperf\Http\RequestLifeCycle\Events\RequestHandled;
use Hyperf\Event\Annotation\Listener;
use Hyperf\Event\Contract\ListenerInterface;

#[Listener]
class RequestHandledListener implements ListenerInterface
{
    public function listen(): array
    {
        return [
            RequestHandled::class,
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @param RequestHandled $event
     */
    public function process(object $event)
    {
        var_dump($event);
    }
}
```

## Events

- [x] RequestReceived
- [x] RequestHandled
- [x] RequestTerminated

## Sponsor

If you like this project, Buy me a cup of coffee. [ [Alipay](https://hdj.me/images/alipay.jpg) | [WePay](https://hdj.me/images/wechat-pay.jpg) ]
